feat: Add Enterprise Managed Authorization (SEP-990) support (#1305)
modelcontextprotocol/csharp-sdk: docs/concepts/transports/transports.md

```

Like [stdio](#stdio-transport), the in-memory transport is inherently single-session — there is no `Mcp-Session-Id` header, and server-to-client requests (sampling, elicitation, roots) work naturally over the bidirectional pipe. This makes it ideal for testing servers that depend on these features. See [Sessions](xref:stateless) for how session behavior varies across transports.

## Cross-Application Access

> The SDK provides built-in support for the [Identity Assertion Authorization Grant (IDAG) flow](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/ext-auth/blob/main/specification/draft/enterprise-managed-authorization.mdx) via `IdentityAssertionGrantProvider`. This enables non-interactive enterprise SSO scenarios where users authenticate once via their enterprise Identity Provider (IdP) and access MCP servers without per-server authorization prompts.

Reviewer: Tiny thing: "(IDAG)" looks like a typo — the flow's informal acronym is **ID-JAG** (it matches the `urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:id-jag` token type used in the exchange). "IDAG" drops the J and doesn't appear anywhere else.

```suggestion
The SDK provides built-in support for the [Identity Assertion Authorization Grant (ID-JAG) flow](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/ext-auth/blob/main/specification/draft/enterprise-managed-authorization.mdx) via `IdentityAssertionGrantProvider`. This enables non-interactive enterprise SSO scenarios where users authenticate once via their enterprise Identity Provider (IdP) and access MCP servers without per-server authorization prompts.
```
